trace: add Random Trace ID Flag (#8012)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Add `IsRandom` and `WithRandom` on `TraceFlags`, and `IsRandom` on `SpanContext` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace` for W3C tracecontext random flag support. (#8012)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `IsRandom` and `WithRandom` on `TraceFlags`, and `IsRandom` on `SpanContext` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace` for W3C Trace Context Level 2 Random Trace ID Flag support. (#8012)
```
